the worst fear for any mother Yia klova
does not know whether her son is alive
or
dead these were some of Andre coso's
last moments at the Nova Music Festival
just before he was taken captive to Gaza
by Hamas
Fighters I want Andre to return home
alive I want other countries to be
involved in resolving this problem I
want for all people for Israelis and
Palestinians to live in a safe
world says she's doing all she can from
joining protests and meeting Russian
officials I want everyone to hear that
Andre arrived in Israel in August 2022
he has never served in the Israeli Army
only in the Russian army he is a Russian
citizen so I hope that will influence
his
release Andre's girlfriend Jennifer says
prime minister Benjamin netanyahu's
government is not prioritizing the
welfare of those held captive our uh
government and prime minister has time
because he has two two goals two
goals and we have one goal we want to
bring our hostages home they should be
home long long time ago I'm not sure
that BB understand it our prime minister
it has to be
now yvenia and Jennifer have been
joining weekly protests in what's become
known as hostage Square where their
demands have shifted to become more
critical of the government's policy in
Gaza Andre's picture is just one of 130
sticks plastered across Israel for many
weeks with the message bring them home
now but prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu is under renewed pressure with
growing protests and polls signaling a
shift in public opinion to support the
plight of the captives and now cracks
are appearing in his War cabinet Gaddy
Eisen Cott who's an observer in the war
cabinet told Israeli media that a deal
is the only way to return the captives
cont contradicting Netanyahu who insists
that can only be done through military
pressure it is the first sign that there
are doubts inside the war cabinet which
reflects also doubts in the public let's
say observers from outside and also a
few of us inside including me said from
the first moment the Israeli War goals
are unachievable at all unachievable
period
back in hostage Square he will Mark the
first birthday of the youngest captive
cfir Babas people here say the only
priority should be the release of him
and dozens of captives luran Al jazer
tviv make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer